Order history, Templating, Payment and Price engine section update (#9)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/templating/templating.md

# Templating

eZ Commerce offers additional Twig functions and filters you can use in templates.

## Template resolver

eZ Commerce comes with a [template resolver](template_resolver.md) system which enables overriding templates on a SiteAccess and design base. 

## Design engine

> Instead of the template resolver you can use the [design engine](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/design_engine/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of the template resolver you can use the [design engine](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/guide/design_engine/).
```
